Add python manual instrumentation docs to include metrics (#1444)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/instrumentation/python/manual.md

```

Note that environment variables will override what's configured in code.

> ## Metrics

Reviewer: Maybe it's worth linking to the language-agnostic document here as well? https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/metrics/

There's basically nothing there right now but that should change in the coming months.

instruments](/docs/reference/specification/metrics/api/#synchronous-and-asynchronous-instruments)
are used inline with application/business processing logic, like when handling a request or
calling another service.

First, create your instrument. Instruments are generally created once at the module or class
level and then used inline with business logic.  This example uses a
[Counter](/docs/reference/specification/metrics/api/#counter) instrument to count the number of
work items completed:

```python
work_counter = meter.create_counter(
    "work.counter", unit="1", description="Counts the amount of work done"
)
```

Using the Counter's [add operation](/docs/reference/specification/metrics/api/#add), the code
below increments the count by one, using the work item's type as an attribute.

```python
def do_work(work_item):
    # count the work being doing
    work_counter.add(1, {"work.type": work_item.work_type})
    print("doing some work...")
```

### Creating and using asynchronous instruments

[Asynchronous instruments](/docs/reference/specification/metrics/api/#synchronous-and-asynchronous-instruments)

> give the user a way to register callback functions, which are invoked on demand to generate
> take measurements. This is useful to periodically measure a value that cannot be instrumented

Author: ```suggestion
give the user a way to register callback functions, which are invoked on demand to make
measurements. This is useful to periodically measure a value that cannot be instrumented
```
